Update Ballerina Integrator VSCode README files (#308)
wso2/ballerina-integrator: vscode/README.md

# WSO2 Ballerina Integrator
## 1.0.0

> Ballerina Integrator VSCode Extension is a tool that could be used alongside the Ballerina programming language to ease the creation of integration projects. This extension provides templates for integration use cases that could be used to create and start new projects. It also contains code snippets for commonly used integration scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina Integrator VS Code Extension is a tool that can be used alongside the Ballerina programming language to simplify the creation of integration projects. This extension provides templates for integration use cases that could be used to create and start new projects. It also contains code snippets for commonly used integration scenarios.
```

Author: Done

## User Guide

### Requirements
  - Visual Studio Code
  - Ballerina (v1.0.0)

>   - Ballerina VSCode Extension (v1.0.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Ballerina VS Code Extension (v1.0.0)
```

Author: Done

### Installation
* **Using the VSCode Marketplace**

>     Install the `Ballerina Integrator` VSCode Extension by WSO2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Install the `Ballerina Integrator` VS Code Extension by WSO2.
```

Author: Done

> *Please note that this extension has not been released to the VSCode Marketplace yet.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Please note that this extension has not been released to the VS Code Marketplace yet.*
```
Can we fix everywhere? It is normally written as "VS Code".

Author: Done

* **Using a .vsix File**
   * Prerequisites:
     - Node.js / NPM

>      - Yeoman and  VSCode Extension Generator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Yeoman and VS Code Extension Generator
```

Author: Done

>      - Yeoman and  VS Code Extension Generator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Yeoman and VS Code Extension Generator
```

Author: Done

        ```
        npm install -g yo generator-code
        ```
     - Visual Studio Code Extension Manager
        ```
        npm install -g vsce
        ```

>    - Clone [this](https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-integrator) repository and open the `vscode/extension` folder in Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Clone [the Ballerina Integrator repository](https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-integrator) and open the `vscode/extension` directory in Visual Studio Code.
```

Author: Done

   - Load the required node modules using the following command.
        ```
        npm install
        ```
   - Generate a .vsix file using the following command.
        ```
        vsce package
        ```

>    - Install the extension using `Extensions: Install from VSIX...` command in the VSCode Command Pallete and by selecting the .vsix file created in the previous step.

Reviewer: Can we add a sample command for this?

Author: "Extensions: Install from VSIX..." is the command

### Quick Start
- **Step 1:** Install the WSO2 Ballerina Integrator extension for Visual Studio Code.
- **Step 2:** Use the command `Ballerina Integrator: Home` through the command palette to start creating projects and modules using multiple different templates provided by WSO2.

### Features
- Create New Project
- Create New Module from Template
- Search for Templates

## Contributing Templates

> Create a Ballerina project with a template module for an integration scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a Ballerina project with a template module for an integration scenario.
```

Author: Done

Add the following property in the project's Ballerina.toml file.
```
templates= ["template_module_name"]
```
Build the template using the following command.
```
ballerina build <module_name>
```

> Push the template module to Ballerina Central through a registered organization using the following command at the project's base folder. More details can be found [here](https://v1-0.ballerina.io/learn/).

Reviewer: Let's point to https://v1-0.ballerina.io/learn/how-to-publish-modules/

Author: Done
